What's going on?
Didn't you say there was going to be an investigation?
Why did Josh throw out all your things? He can't do this.
What's happening?
They're throwing us out.
You could stay here for now.
This investigation might take a while, Mark.
Stay as long as you need.
I know it's not as nice as you're used to.
No, it's perfect. We're just happy to have someone to stay.
Well, I'm sure you're hungry.
I'll cook.
Great.
I'll go out, get us some supplies.
Boss, right here.
Come aboard.
Sit right there.
Make yourselves comfortable.
What happened to your end?
I burned my hand.
Here.
Why are you laughing?
It's the other hand, silly.
I'm comfortable here.
I can take you home.
Do you feel I think you're a burden?
I actually kind of like you.